From the main hall to Master Liu's courtyard,
this is the shortest path.
If the killer is among us,
then how did he manage to so quickly
go back and forth?
Wheel tracks.
Divine Doctor Du.
What's wrong?
Someone is following me.
Watch out.
Let's go.
Miss Xiao Bai.
Why come to the Myriad Treasures Pavilion?
The villa's best medicine
is not in the pharmacy,
it's all here.
Okay.
I'll apply the medicine for you.
Pardon me.
It hurts.
Ye Li.
Zhao Yun.
I'm in so much pain.
Done.
Thank you, Divine Doctor Du.
What is it?
Nothing.
Recorded here is
the guest list for the annual All-Knowing Night Banquet.
I don't know either.
I'm just a maid in the Young Miss's room.
I'm not qualified to serve the banquet guests.
Since guests do business at the banquet,
the transactions should also be recorded.
Why is only the transaction date written here,
but not the price or the buyer?
The Villa Master started as an accountant.
He has a habit of keeping accounts.
Could he have recorded it in a ledger?
When I saw the accounting office balancing books,
they carried boxes like that.
I'll help you over there.
Someone's coming.
Hide behind me.
You...
Are you...
crying from pain?
Or crying from fear?
It hurts,
and I'm scared too.
It's okay now.
I'm afraid that person will come back.
Let's leave here first.
You're not looking for the ledger anymore?
I will.
I'll find someone to look for me.
Did you see clearly what that person looked like?
No.
It's likely the killer.
He doesn't want us to keep investigating.
I feel that the Villa Master, Master Liu,
Zhang Shan's death,
and this villa...
must be hiding unspeakable secrets.
In short,
it's not that simple.
Master Kun, telling me this...
does it mean you agree to let me investigate with you?
Where is the ledger you mentioned?
Myriad Treasures Pavilion.
But before finding the ledger,
I need to borrow something from you first.
What is it?
Your authority.
You!
What is wrong with you?
You didn't knock.
Make some noise, will you?
Master Kun.
Why are you here too?
When you were eating,
what did you use to pick the lock?
Don't spread rumors.
I am a law-abiding citizen.
Things like picking locks and breaking in,
I can't do that, no way.
No way, no way.
Is that so?
Then,
what is this?
Please have some tea.
I'll do it myself.
Watch what you're doing!
This... this...
It's a token of love!
Is that strange?
Is it strange?
Having a comb isn't strange.
But this rhinoceros horn material...
is an Imperial tribute.
I wonder which noble family Sister-in-law is from?
Officer.
How about...
for the sake of me helping you cover up your lie,
just let me off this time?
Okay?
Right.
Those twenty taels...
I don't want them anymore. No, no.
Consider it my tribute to you, my lord.
How did you know
that I am an officer?
If you weren't an officer,
how would you recognize this Imperial tribute?
Since a crime was committed,
there is absolutely no reason to be lenient.
However,
you could atone for your crimes with good deeds.
I can.
I can, I can.
You really are an expert.
One stack for each of us.
If we look at it this way,
aren't we all on the same side now?
Get to work.
Since you are an Officer,
then what about you?
You aren't really a prisoner, are you?
Shut up.
An Officer bringing a prisoner to investigate a case...
that's interesting.
Shut up.
Why do you keep coughing?
Can't help it.
I suffer from a cold ailment.
Look.
One sheep for eight thousand gold.
Gold.
What kind of sheep
sells for that much?
That reminds me of something.
Speak.
One tael of silver.
Consider it a loan.
I'll pay you back if I get out alive.
Can you speak now?
Those of us who roam the Jianghu...
all know that
in the black market,
humans aren't called humans.
They're called Two-legged Sheep.
If you want to buy "sheep" in this black market,
you have to use gold.
It seems this villa
is still trafficking humans.
No wonder
none of these servants show their faces.
Wait.
When Master Liu died,
"Cause and Effect" was written on the wall.
What kind of Cause and Effect is it?
Could it be the cause Master Liu created
became the effect of his murder?
You'd have to ask Master Liu that.
The dead naturally cannot speak.
But,
the living can.
Something happened!
What?
Don't ask.
Hurry, let's go.